[RINKO]
Hey, uh, Takeo, everything
got so exciting on New Year's
that I totally forgot to
give something to your mom.
[TAKEO]
Oh! Thanks, Ms. Yamato!
[RINKO]
I must admit I was a little
out of it that day.
Yeah. Same here.
I love her!
Hey, you know what?
Huh?
You should bring it
to my place.
It'd make mom super happy if you
gave it to her personally.
Mm-hmm!
(Aggressive grunts)
What are you doing?!
Cleaning the house.
You need to rest!
I did this when I was carrying
you around, too.
AHHH!
[YURIKO]
Oh, hello dear.
Good to see you!
Hello, ma'am!
Well, I'm off to the
store to get some rice.
Hang on! How much
are you getting?
22 pounds.
Then I'll go!
Oh great...
Then you can get
everything else too.
♪Opening song♪
[YURIKO]
The men in this
house are the worst.
They are such
worry warts.
Aw, they just care about you.
Ohh...
They're overprotective.
I should show them
my last maternity checkup.
I am as strong as a bull
with no complications.
I really hope that someday
I can be as strong of
a mother as you are.
I'm sure you will.
Men are such wimps!
It's us women who have
to be the tough ones!
Huh? But Takeo's
pretty tough.
Oh no, not like that.
Back when that boy
was about five years old,
we were waiting for the bus
to take him to kindergarten...
and that knucklehead jumped
right out in the street.
Well I was able to jump in
and knock him out of the way,
but I scraped my
arm pretty good.
I got this and bled all over
the place! And then, Take...
Please, Mom, don't die!
[YURIKO]
All this from a boy who got
cuts and bruises every day
and never made a fuss about it.
That's sweet...
Sounds like he's cared about
you ever since he was little.
And he's always been a wimp.
It sounds to me like Takeo
just loves his mother, right?
Yeah, he's a mama's boy.
Men can be weak in some
rather unusual ways.
So please, be there for him.
Alright.
[YURIKO]
And when he was
born, there was
thunderous applause from
the delivery room.
[RINKO] No way!
[TAKEO] They sound like
they're having fun.
So when I went in for
his one-month checkup,
the nurse raised him
up over her head...
"The Yokozuna has arrived!"
Just like The Lion King!
Yeah, right.
Wait, the what?
Oh, hey there, Takeo!
That was fast.
[TAKEO] Yeah.
Goodness gracious!
How much rice did you buy?
I just stocked us up.
Take, did you use all the
money I had in my wallet?
Good grief!
Well, I'm off to the
hospital for my checkup.
Huh? Okay. Be careful!
Oh, um...!
Huh?
[RINKO] Take this.
Oh my, what's this?
Thank you so much, sweetie.
Have a good checkup!
Alrighty!
Your mom said you were
nine and a half pounds
when you were born.
Yeah, I was a big boy.
Well, I was a preemie
and only weighed four pounds.
I ended up spending a long
time in an incubator before
they would let me out.
I was so small that
I couldn't go home with
my mom from the hospital.
But I'm super healthy now!
That's right.
You're a beast!
Yeah!
I can't wait to
see the baby!
Yeah!
(Pained breath)
Hi there.
Is it almost time?
Yeah. I'm anemic again,
so they're watching me.
[SON]
Mama! Watch me! Watch me!
Whooo! Whooo!
Honey. Please calm down.
Is that the brother?
Oh, yeah.
Initially I had hoped
to have the second
closer to the first,
but they ended up being
a few years apart.
Well I'm glad you were
able to have another one.
Your big brother's
waiting for you!
Huh?
It won't be long.
(Receding footsteps)
There we go.
Mom, you shouldn't
be doing that!
How did everything
go at the hospital?
It was a piece of cake.
That's good.
When Ms. Yamato
was a baby,
she only weighed like
half of what I did.
She couldn't even go home from
the hospital with her mom.
Oh yeah?
Take, now you must
understand...
not every baby is born healthy,
or gets to live a normal life.
(Door opens)
Hey there, Honey.
You rest up, I'm gonna
clean the bathtub.
(Phone jingle)
AHHHHH!
[TAKEO]
What an angel!
She was so tiny... I'm glad
she grew up like she did.
I was born bigger than most,
and I never really got sick
or anything like that.
I guess I never thought
about it before.
But it's not something that
should be taken for granted.
Hey, lemme take
that for you.
Not you, too! I swear,
you all worry too much.
I'm not as bad as Takeo.
He has a good friend
in you, ya know.
And the cutest little
girlfriend.
It's a rare thing.
He's a very lucky boy.
Well it's because
he's a good guy.
Whenever I look at him,
I still see a little baby boy.
I hope this one will end up with
friends as good as Take has.
[TAKEO]
Thanks for giving my
mom that lucky charm.
Mom totally loves it.
She takes it with her
everywhere in her purse.
Really? That makes
me so happy!
I hope we meet
the baby soon.
Yeah. Me too.
Oh! I want to see a picture of
you at a hundred days old, too.
Okay.
[TAKEO]
I'm home!
What are you doing?!
AHHH!
Oh, hi, son.
This position is good for me.
They say that it
will ease the delivery.
That may be the case,
but it still looks like
you're working too hard.
(Pained groan)
AHH!
Mom?!
Well...
looks like the baby really
knows how to kick...
We've got ourselves a
healthy one on the way.
[YUTAKA]
I'm home.
Alrighty! Time to clean the-
AAUGH!
(THUD)
I was huge.
(Shudder sound)
(Jingle)
[TAKEO]
But pretty cute, honestly.
[YURIKO]
Okay. I'm heading out.
[TAKEO]
Wait, where are you going?!
I'm just going for a walk.
It's good for the baby's health
for me to go on frequent walks.
Then I'm gonna come
with you, 'kay?
Me, too!
I am not dragging
you two ninnies around
the block with me!
You'll slow me down!
[YURIKO]
I'm leaving!
(Door closes)
Hmm...
I'm worried.
Takeo.
Huh?
Son, have I ever told
you the reason why
I fell in love
with your mother?
I don't think so.
Well, your mother and I
both started working
for the same company
at the same time...
And your mother had
this presence about her.
She seemed so positive.
She was by far the hardest
worker in the entire office.
All her supervisors loved
her, and she could always
be counted on.
Oh wow.
And that year,
at the company party...
[WORKER]
Ms. Takenaka, could you do me
a favor and pass this for me?
Sure thing.
Careful now. It's hot.
Mm-hmm...
AHH!
OH!
AH!
(Teapot clatters)
[COWORKER]
Yuriko, your hand!
I'm okay. You didn't get
burnt, did you, dear?
No. I'm fine.
I'll rinse this off.
I'm wearing lots of layers.
Don't worry about me.
[YUTAKA]
You want me to
get you some ice?
Huh? Oh, no...
I'm fine. I'll be all right.
[YURIKO]
It's just when I see a cute
little thing like that,
I feel the need
to protect them.
[YUTAKA]
At that moment, for the
first time in my life...
(Amazed gasp)
I knew I must be
with this woman
and face the towering
waves of life with her!
[YUTAKA]
Would you like to
go golfing with me?
I see your core
is rock solid.
Shall we go on
a scenic drive?
I want to be your
protector, Ms. Takenaka!
(Ship horn blows)
But your mother is so strong
that I've never really
needed to do much protecting.
Hi, Mrs. Goda.
Oh, hello there.
I guess you have a checkup
tomorrow, too, don't you?
Yes, I do. Both of us are
getting pretty close.
Yeah. I'll see
you tomorrow then.
Ah...
Uh!
Huh?
HUH?!
(Both grunt)
(Pained grunt)
Uh... Ah?
Mrs. Goda! Oh my god!
Are you all right?
I'm perfectly fine!
How about you?
Um... well, I think
I'm okay.
You need to be careful.
I will. Thank you so much.
[SON]
Bye-bye!
(Sigh)
[SUNA]
So you guys don't know
if it's a boy or a girl yet?
Nope. What do you
think it'll be?
I dunno. I've no idea.
But I can't really imagine it
turning out to be a girl...
Heh! In fact I can only see
it with a face like yours.
(Laughs)
What's so funny
about that?
A little brother
or a little sister...
[TAKEO]
Guess you're right.
I can only see my face too.
(Suna continues laughing)
Hey! It's not that funny!
I'm home!
AHH?!
(Pained groans)
[TAKEO]
What's wrong? What happened?
Did the baby start
kicking again?
Uh, Take... you
need to get a taxi.
Mom needs to get
to the hospital.
Ugghh...
(Takeo grunting)
[TAKEO]
What the...?
(Heavy breathing)
Where the heck are
all the taxis?!
(Doors open)
Ahh...
Takeo, what's going on?
Is everything okay?
Uh! It's Mom!
[TAKEO]
I guess I could've
just used the phone.
(Groans)
[TAKEO]
Dad's at work.
I have got to
hold it together.
[DRIVER]
Sir, where to?
It is on me.
(Door opens)
Sir?
But what should I do?
What should-
[SUNA]
Head to Shisuta
General Hospital.
I'll go with you.
[TAKEO]
Suna...
I'll be fine.
Take, I'm sorry, but I forgot
my wallet back at the house.
I'll go get it!
Don't worry about it.
I took care of the cab.
Oh, Suna, you are
so responsible.
Mom! Where did you
leave your wallet?
On top of the dresser.
I'll be right back!
That boy really needs
to calm down a bit.
Yeah. But that's
kind of his charm.
You're too nice to Take.
Both you and his girlfriend.
[TAKEO]
Where's Mom?!
(Heavy breathing)
She's with the doctor.
Calm down! Suna, get
a hold of yourself!
You're the one who
needs to calm down.
Sorry.
It's cool.
She's always been
healthy, hasn't she?
Yeah.
It's the first time
I've seen her like
that, you know?
Yeah.
Sorry, man.
Mm-hmm.
(Doors open)
Huh?
Oh, Take... were you able
to find my wallet?
Yeah! Are you and
the baby alright?
YEP!
But I'm going to
stay at the hospital.
"Stay at the hospital"?
There are some things you'll
need to take care of,
so write this down.
I got it.
There's a bag I packed
up for the hospital.
It's in my room,
I need you to bring it here.
Then, you need to wash
the dishes, and keep
up with the laundry.
Also, tomorrow is heavy trash
day, so take it to the curb...
(Receding)
As far as your father,
I'll call him myself.
Take!
OH!
I'm fine, okay?
Try not to worry.
[NURSE]
I'll show you to
your room, ma'am.
Please take
care of my mom!
AHH!
O-of course!
(Grunting)
[TAKEO]
Was there a break-in?!
Oh, wait. No, that was me.
Here's the bag. I'm out!
Yessir. Mrs. Goda
is in Room 203.
Thanks!
Oh, your wife is
currently getting examined.
I'll take her
luggage for you.
Thanks! Please take
good care of her!
Hm!
Suna... Did he go home?
I have to pull myself together.
[RINKO]
Takeo!
(Heavy breaths)
[RINKO]
Suna called me and said that
your mom was in the hospital.
Is that right?
(Light laugh)
Can I use your kitchen?
I'll make some curry!
I already went to the store!
Hey there, Takeo. How are ya?
[SUNA AND RINKO]
Excuse us!
Uh, Takeo.
You didn't peel them.
(Giggle)
[SUNA]
Dude, that's bleach.
It not too sweet?
My curry is kinda sweet.
Oh, no, you don't
have to walk me.
You should really stay
here at home, Takeo.
Okay.
If you need any help.
Call and I'll be right over.
Okay. Thanks.
(Numerous TV commercials)
(Door opens)
[YUTAKA]
I'm home!
Huh?!
I see there's a pot
of curry here.
Did you make this, Takeo?
Nah, Ms. Yamato
made it for us.
Well, alrighty.
You stopped by
the hospital, right?
How was Mom?
How's the baby?
Any news?!
What's going on?!
Everything's going
to be fine, son.
Don't you worry about it.
Drop by the hospital on your way
home from school tomorrow.
Okay.
Well, it was a good
thing you were here
at the house today.
[YURIKO]
There's another pregnant woman
who'll be giving birth
around the same time as I will.
She was walking up
the stairs and tripped,
and when I stepped
in to catch her,
I think I hurt
something in my stomach.
I just did it
without even thinking.
I hope I didn't do something to
upset our baby and make it mad.
I'm sure it's fine.
I know that you were just
trying to help someone who
was in trouble.
[TEACHER]
Okay, next up, turn to
page 53 in your textbooks...
(Intense groan)
Now, who wants to volunteer
to read the first section?
BRBRBRBR!
I have to pull
myself together!
(Schoolbell rings)
(Grunting)
Huh?
(Phone jingle)
[TAKEO]
Is it the hospital?!
Ms. Yamato...
(Phone jingles)
(Heavy breathing)
(Jingle)
Pull it together, man!
No running, please.
Erk! I'm sorry.
Hello! Mom?!
(Pained groans)
Hello, Take.
Oh, would you please stop
looking so worried all the time?
[TAKEO]
What are you doing?
Don't sit up!
Take, I am not on the
brink of death, okay?
Relax. I'm going to be fine.
[TAKEO]
Is there anything
I can do for you?
Oh, well, some water
would be nice.
(Loud clank)
Was she looking pale?
I think she looked pale.
And she was sweating...
I don't understand
much about this,
but a human is about to come
out from another human.
And that's kind of a big deal.
Isn't there anything
I can do to help?
Huh?
Hey, Takeo!
How's your mom doing?
Ms. Yamato...
(Giggle)
It's all right!
I'm here by your side!
Your mom's room.
Second floor, right?
[TAKEO]
Yeah.
I'm being so pathetic.
I'm not a little kid anymore.
Right now, my mom and the baby
are acting more brave than me.
Right! It's time to
go cheer up my mom!
Mom! Suna and Ms. Yamato
came to see you-
AGHH!
(Intense groan)
[YURIKO]
Take, hit the
nurse-call button!
I've been in labor
for awhile now.
I don't think I can walk!
UGHHH!
Okay! I'm on it! AAAHH!
[SUNA]
Dude, it's over here.
(Beep)
[NURSE]
Yes. How can I help you?
[TAKEO]
The baby's coming! Help us!
Okay, Mom!
It's gonna be all right!
She says she can't walk.
I think we'll need a wheelchair.
Can you hear me in there?!
It's your brother!
I need you to get outta
there safe and sound!
I'll be waiting for you!
(Beep)
(Groan)
[NURSE]
You okay, ma'am?
[WOMAN]
I'm sorry.
I think I might need
a wheelchair, too.
Mrs. Goda? Are you ready to go?
Oh, please, go ahead and take
the woman next to me first.
It's her first, and
she's a little scared.
Oh! Yes, but...
Are you sure?
You gonna be all right?
I'm fine.
(Yuriko gasps)
Don't worry, Mom,
I got this.
(Ladies gasp)
Go ahead.
I'll follow you.
Uh-huh...
[TAKEO]
It's going to be all right.
Big Brother is going to get
you where you need to go.
And then you'll
get to meet my best friend Suna
and my girlfriend Ms. Yamato!
[TAKEO]
They're good people.
You'll like 'em.
And you'll meet
Mom and Dad, too!
So just take it easy
and come on out!
Hey, Mrs. Goda!
Thanks to you, the baby was
born without any problems.
Now it's your turn!
Good luck in there!
Thanks a lot!
Maybe the two of our kids
will end up being friends
with each other.
[TAKEO]
You hear that? You've got a
friend waiting for you too!
Um, right this way.
[YURIKO]
Just hold on
just a second.
Take, where's my
black bag? I need it.
Got it!
Ahh!
Here ya go, Mom.
Yes, yes. Thanks, hon.
Oh!
Okay, time to have a baby.
Ready, nurse? Try'n keep up!
(Doors close)
[TAKEO]
Thanks, guys.
[SUNA]
All we can do now is wait.
[TAKEO]
Yeah.
(Baby cries)
(All gasp)
[DOCTOR]
Congratulations,
Mrs. Goda!
Everything went fine!
And healthy, too!
Nine pounds and four ounces.
(Rinko squealing)
Thank you so much!
Mr. Goda, your wife
did wonderfully!
Thank you so much!
Congratulations! You're the
father of a happy baby girl!
Thank you so much!
Oh my God!
This is so amazing.
She did so great.
Over nine pounds
of so great!
She's absolutely
adorable!
She's so small.
Yeah, I dunno about that.
She's twice as big
as all the others.
[RINKO]
This is the first time
I've ever seen a baby
right after it's been born!
She's beautiful.
Hmm...
I'll be okay with it
if you two get married.
No thanks.
[TAKEO]
I was born healthier
than most.
And I grew up to be
bigger than most.
Ms. Yamato, one of these days
I want to work at a job where
I can help other people.
Yeah.
I never thought that one
day Take would carry me
around like a princess...
I've always thought of him
as my little bitty baby,
but I guess he's finally
growing up now, isn't he?
Yes, he is. And now we get
to do it all over again.
Oh, what do you think
we should name her?
[RINKO]
Your sister is so cute.
Super-duper cute!
(Squeal)
She's so tiny!
And so warm and so soft!
Oh, and those finger nails!
She's so squishy!
[TAKEO]
Seeing her hold a baby
is so precious...
I love her!
I think I want to work
in a nursery school or
maybe become a midwife.
That sounds perfect!
Actually, those would be
two completely different
degrees in college.
Ah!
Can you cut it out with
the smart talk for once?
[RINKO]
I wonder what your little sister
will end up calling you.
Maybe "Big Brother." Or "Bro."
[TAKEO]
Oh yeah. "Bro."
I like that!
[SUNA]
I'm betting it'll just
be "Takeo" because, well,
that's your name.
[TAKEO]
"Takeo," huh? Cool.
I can live with that.
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Chocolate.